Simplify install and build from source (#921)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: README.md

## Quickstart

> First, grab a prebuilt copy of TigerBeetle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, download a prebuilt copy of TigerBeetle.
```

"grab" is really nice/better for the feel, but we need to hint that this step will download a prebuilt binary rather than build locally.

Author: ✅ pulled in locally

On macOS/Linux:

```console

> $ git clone https://github.com/tigerbeetledb/tigerbeetle; ./tigerbeetle/scripts/bootstrap.sh

Reviewer 2: That's a big improvement over the current quick start!

Not sure if that's the right long-term shape --- I expect that "installing tigerbeetle on CI" shouldn't involve clonning the repo. But it's not line we should solve each and every problem right now.

Author: Lots of systems marketing one-liner is not the way you are suggested to install in CI fwiw. We'll want to be in all the package managers eventually.

Reviewer: Huge leap forward!

Let's do:

`git clone https://github.com/tigerbeetledb/tigerbeetle; ./tigerbeetle/bootstrap.sh`

To move `bootstrap` to root for its importance.

Author: Can do.

```

On Windows:

```console

> $ git clone https://github.com/tigerbeetledb/tigerbeetle; ./tigerbeetle/scripts/bootstrap.ps1

Author: ps1 as opposed to bat since powershell has been around since 2012 and batch scripts are horrifying to work with.

```

> Want to build from source? Add `-build` to the bootstrap script arguments:

Author: `-build`  as opposed to `--from-source` because Windows deals with `--` flags in a weird way.

> Want to build from source? Add `-build` to the bootstrap script arguments.

Reviewer 3: Looks like the shell script just checks for `build`? (perhaps we could make it accept `-build` and `--build`)

Author: Whoops good catch! I adjusted it to `-build`. I am not sure being more flexible is better.

> Want to build from source? Add `-build` to the bootstrap script arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to build from source locally? Add `-build` as an argument to the bootstrap script.
```

To emphasize again, that the previous step bootstraps from a binary built remotely.

Author: pulled in locally, thanks!

#### Running TigerBeetle

Then create the TigerBeetle data file.

> ```console

Reviewer: Slick.

the install script.
On Windows:

You will need POSIX userland, curl or wget, tar, and xz.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/tigerbeetledb/tigerbeetle.git
$ cd tigerbeetle
$ git checkout 2022-11-16-weekly # Or latest tag
$ scripts/install.sh
```console
$ git clone https://github.com/tigerbeetledb/tigerbeetle; ./tigerbeetle/scripts/bootstrap.ps1
```

Don't worry, this will only make changes within the `tigerbeetle`
directory. No global changes. The result will place the compiled
`tigerbeetle` binary into the current directory.
Want to build from source? Add `-build` to the bootstrap script arguments.

#### Running TigerBeetle

Then create the TigerBeetle data file.

```bash
```console
$ ./tigerbeetle format --cluster=0 --replica=0 --replica-count=1 0_0.tigerbeetle
info(io): creating "0_0.tigerbeetle"...
info(io): allocating 660.140625MiB...
```

And start the server.
And start the replica.

```bash
```console
$ ./tigerbeetle start --addresses=3000 0_0.tigerbeetle
info(io): opening "0_0.tigerbeetle"...
info(main): 0: cluster=0: listening on 127.0.0.1:3000
```

Now skip ahead to [Use Node as a CLI](#use-node-as-a-cli).

> ### With Docker

Reviewer 2: :tada: 

I think my love for docker equals eatonphil's love for WSL :-)

Author: ✅

> Now let's connect to the replica and do some accounting!

Reviewer: 🥳
